README.md, before:

**This is a template README.md.  Be sure to update this with project specific content that describes your performance test project.**

# economic-crime-levy-performance-tests
Performance test suite for the `<digital service name>`, using [performance-test-runner](https://github.com/hmrc/performance-test-runner) under the hood.


## Running the tests

Prior to executing the tests ensure you have:

* Docker - to start mongo container
* Installed/configured service manager

Run the following command to start the services locally:
```
docker run --rm -d --name mongo -d -p 27017:27017 mongo:4.0

sm --start PLATFORM_EXAMPLE_UI_TESTS -r --wait 100
```

Using the `--wait 100` argument ensures a health check is run on all the services started as part of the profile. `100` refers to the given number of seconds to wait for services to pass health checks.

## Logging

The template uses [logback.xml](src/test/resources) to configure log levels. The default log level is *WARN*. This can be updated to use a lower level for example *TRACE* to view the requests sent and responses received during the test.

#### Smoke test

It might be useful to try the journey with one user to check that everything works fine before running the full performance test
```
sbt -Dperftest.runSmokeTest=true -DrunLocal=true gatling:test
```

#### Running the performance test
```
sbt -DrunLocal=true gatling:test
```
### Run the example test against staging environment

#### Smoke test
```
sbt -Dperftest.runSmokeTest=true -DrunLocal=false gatling:test
```

#### Run the performance test

To run a full performance test against staging environment, implement a job builder and run the test **only** from Jenkins.

### Scalafmt
 This repository uses [Scalafmt](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/), a code formatter for Scala. The formatting rules configured for this repository are defined within [.scalafmt.conf](.scalafmt.conf).

 To apply formatting to this repository using the configured rules in [.scalafmt.conf](.scalafmt.conf) execute:

 ```
 sbt scalafmtAll
 ```

 To check files have been formatted as expected execute:

 ```
 sbt scalafmtCheckAll scalafmtSbtCheck
 ```

[Visit the official Scalafmt documentation to view a complete list of tasks which can be run.](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/installation.html#task-keys)

Commit message:

ECL-197: Registration journey GRS stub data failure update (#7)
* ECL-197 registration and return journey updates

* ECL-197 return journey updates

* ECL-197 Grs data failure

* Added redirect to grs continue location and other general tidy up

* ECL-197 Grs stub failure update

* ECL-197 address comments

---------

Co-authored-by: peter-hazell <18005888+peter-hazell@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# economic-crime-levy-performance-tests
Performance test suite for the Economic Crime Levy project, using [performance-test-runner](https://github.com/hmrc/performance-test-runner) under the hood.

## Running the tests

Prior to executing the tests ensure you have:

* Mongo running on your machine
* ECL services running on your machine via service manager

Run the following command to start all the ECL services locally:
```
sm --start ECONOMIC_CRIME_LEVY_ALL -r
```

## Logging

The template uses [logback.xml](src/test/resources) to configure log levels. The default log level is *WARN*. This can be updated to use a lower level for example *TRACE* to view the requests sent and responses received during the test.

#### Smoke test

It might be useful to try the journey with one user to check that everything works fine before running the full performance test
```
sbt -Dperftest.runSmokeTest=true -DrunLocal=true gatling:test
```

#### Running the performance test
```
sbt -DrunLocal=true gatling:test
```
### Run the example test against staging environment

#### Smoke test
```
sbt -Dperftest.runSmokeTest=true -DrunLocal=false gatling:test
```

#### Run the performance test

To run a full performance test against staging environment, implement a job builder and run the test **only** from Jenkins.

### Scalafmt
 This repository uses [Scalafmt](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/), a code formatter for Scala. The formatting rules configured for this repository are defined within [.scalafmt.conf](.scalafmt.conf).

 To apply formatting to this repository using the configured rules in [.scalafmt.conf](.scalafmt.conf) execute:

 ```
 sbt scalafmtAll
 ```

 To check files have been formatted as expected execute:

 ```
 sbt scalafmtCheckAll scalafmtSbtCheck
 ```

[Visit the official Scalafmt documentation to view a complete list of tasks which can be run.](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/installation.html#task-keys)
